[docs][location][permissions]: Update expo-location doc and permissions  guide (#18458)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/permissions.md

### Managed workflow

On Android, permissions are a bit simpler than on iOS. In the managed workflow, permissions are controlled via the `android.permissions` property in the [**app.json**](/versions/latest/config/app/#android).

> Some Expo and React Native modules include permissions by default. For example, if you use `expo-location`, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` have added to your app's permissions automatically. [See the `android.permissions` documentation](/versions/latest/config/app.md#permissions) to learn about which permissions are always included. To limit the permissions your managed workflow app requires, see [Excluding Android Permissions](#excluding-android-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Expo and React Native modules include permissions by default. For example, if you use `expo-location`, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` permissions will be added to your app's automatically. [See the `android.permissions` documentation](/versions/latest/config/app.md#permissions) to learn about which permissions are always included. To limit the permissions your managed workflow app requires, see [Excluding Android Permissions](#excluding-android-permissions).
```

Wording nit, not sure if my version is fully correct but befor the change the sentence sound off to me.

Author: This is a good change. Thanks for catching it 👍

> Some Expo and React Native modules include permissions by default. For example, if you use `expo-location`, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` permissions will be added to your app automatically. [See the `android.permissions` documentation](/versions/latest/config/app.md#permissions) to learn about which permissions are always included. To limit the permissions your managed workflow app requires, see [Excluding Android Permissions](#excluding-android-permissions).

Author: I've read the internal linking docs, but it didn't make clear to me about using relative file paths. I thought the arrows were use to provide a use case that this will happen when one uses links.

I guess, I should improve that to be more layman wording for folks like me (taking a note about it).

Thanks! I'll revert the link.

Apps using dangerous or signature permissions without valid reasons _may be rejected by Google_. Make sure you follow the [Android permissions best practices](https://developer.android.com/training/permissions/usage-notes) when submitting your app.

### Bare workflow

In the bare workflow, permissions are controlled in your project **AndroidManifest.xml**.

> Some Expo and React Native modules include permissions by default. For example, if you use `expo-location`, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` are added to your app's permissions automatically. To limit the permissions your bare workflow app requires, see [Excluding Android Permissions](#excluding-android-permissions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some Expo and React Native modules include permissions by default. For example, if you use `expo-location`, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` permissions are added to your app's permissions automatically. To limit the permissions your bare workflow app requires, see [Excluding Android Permissions](#excluding-android-permissions).
```

Apps using dangerous or signature permissions without valid reasons _may be rejected by Google_. Make sure you follow the [Android permissions best practices](https://developer.android.com/training/permissions/usage-notes) when submitting your app.

### Excluding Android permissions

> When adding Expo and other React Native modules to your project, certain Android permissions might be added automatically. The modules should only add relevant permissions **required** to use the module. However, sometimes you may want to remove some of these permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding packages to your project can result in new Android permissions being added automatically. Ideally, a module should only add the permissions **required** to use the module, and the rest should be opt-in. However, sometimes this isn't the case, and you may want to remove some of these permissions.
```

> When you are building your app with [EAS Build](/build/introduction/), you can exclude Android permissions by adding `android.blockedPermissions` in **app.json**. For more information, see the example in the [Android Permissions](/distribution/app-stores/#android-permissions) section in [Deploying to the App Stores](/distribution/app-stores).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can exclude Android permissions by adding `android.blockedPermissions` in **app.json**. For more information, see the example in the [Android Permissions](/distribution/app-stores/#android-permissions) section in [Deploying to the App Stores](/distribution/app-stores).
```

Reviewer 2: no need to mention building with eas build. this also limits the scope of the information unnecessarily -- because this same mechanism works with `expo prebuild` locally too

<ConfigClassic>

To limit the permissions your managed workflow app requires, set the `android.permissions` property in your **app.json** to list only the permissions you need, and Expo will also include the minimum permissions it requires to run.

Learn how to configure permissions with the [app manifest `permissions` property](/versions/latest/config/app/#permissions).

</ConfigClassic>

<ConfigReactNative>

> Since the `android.permissions` manifest property doesn't work in the bare workflow, you'll need to edit **AndroidManifest.xml** to exclude specific permissions from the build. You can do that with the `tools:node="remove"` attribute on the `<use-permission>` tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the `android.blockedPermissions` isn't applied in bare workflow (because **app.json** is not used to configure bare workflow projects), you'll need to edit **AndroidManifest.xml** to exclude specific permissions from the build. You can do that with the `tools:node="remove"` attribute on the `<use-permission>` tag.
```

### Excluding Android permissions

When adding Expo and other React Native modules to your project, certain Android permissions might be implied automatically. The modules should only add relevant permissions **required** to use the module. However, sometimes you may want to remove some of these permissions.

For example, using `expo-location` module, the `ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION`, `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` and `FOREGROUND_SERVICE` are added to your app's permissions automatically. If your application doesn't need access to the precise location, you can exclude the `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` permission.

When you are building your app with [EAS Build](/build/introduction/), you can use a [Config Plugin](/guides/config-plugins/#using-a-plugin-in-your-app) in **app.json** or **app.config.json** to exclude a permission. In the example config below, the `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` is omitted when the app is built using EAS:

```json
{
  "expo": {
    "plugins": [
      "expo-location": {
        "withBlockedPermission": ["ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION"]

>       }

Reviewer 3: Oh wait! This one is incorrect, we don't have the `withBlockedPermission` option in the `expo-location`'s config plugin: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-location/plugin/src/withLocation.ts#L24-L30.

And it should be in this format:
```json
{
  "expo": {
    "plugins": [
      "expo-location",
      { ...options }
    ]
  }
}
```

Reviewer 3: I also see your point in using the blocked android permissions, but we have to do either one of this:
1. Make the `withBlockedAndroidPermissions` a separate config plugin
2. Add the option, like `withoutAndroidPermissions`, to each config plugin

Reviewer 4: I think that is worth doing. However, I don't have a strong opinion on which approach will be the best. I'm okay with both solutions.

Author: Sorry for not getting back here 😅 

I am failing to understand to exclude permission using a Config plugin vs the [docs currently recommending](https://docs.expo.dev/distribution/app-stores/#android-permissions) which is to add `android.blockedPermissions` array. I think we need to have "best practice" approach if there are multiple ways to do it in the docs (as to not create any confusion).
